Improve Workspaces docs page (#13725)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/workspaces.md

  sections in `Cargo.toml` are only recognized in the *root* manifest, and
  ignored in member crates' manifests.

The *workspace root* is the directory where the workspace's `Cargo.toml` 

> is located.

Reviewer: This feels a bit disjointed to define this term here and in this way.

Author: Sorry this is a bit of my own immature consideration.

[cargo book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/cargo/reference/workspaces.html#workspaces):

> All packages share a common [Cargo.lock](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/cargo/guide/cargo-toml-vs-cargo-lock.html) file which resides in the workspace root.
> All packages share a common [output directory](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/cargo/guide/build-cache.html), which defaults to a directory named target in the workspace root.

The use of `workspace root` has already appeared in previous descriptions, and I personally feel that it may be easier to read the definitions by placing them in the nearest location.

Reviewer 2: I agree with epage. This paragraph is more like an overview. Putting term definition here seems odd. This might be more appropriate if moved to "The `[workspace]` section" before "Root package", such like

> The directory where the workspace's `Cargo.toml` is located then becomes so-called the _workspace root_.

Author: Done. Thank you.

* [`[replace]`](overriding-dependencies.md#the-replace-section) --- Override dependencies (deprecated).
* [`[profile]`](profiles.md) --- Compiler settings and optimizations.

## Creating a Workpaces

> todo!：Added example of creating a workspace.

Reviewer: btw this is a reference-level page.  I feel like this would probably belong in the Guide section.  However, I'm not quite too sure what all we'd want to cover in a guide-level section on workspaces.  Might be good to discuss this in the issue first.

Author: Ok, about this part I will first submit a preliminary idea for discussion in issue.

> 

Reviewer: Due to the challenges in writing this documentation, I agree with @weihanglo about keeping each PR focused.  These changes will likely involve a lot of iteration and coupling them together in one PR will likely make this longer and more exhausting

## The `[workspace]` section

To create a workspace, you add the `[workspace]` table to a `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[workspace]
# ...
```

The directory where the workspace's Cargo.toml is located then becomes so-called the workspace root.

At minimum, a workspace has to have a member, either with a root package or as

> a virtual manifest.

Reviewer: This is splitting up the text.  One way to read this is we are describing the minimum of what is needed in a workspace
1. A `[workspace]` table
2. A member

and this inserts the workspace root definition inbetween those

Author: If it doesn't harmonize, it's still the previous one that makes more sense and flows better.

## The `[workspace]` section

To create a workspace, you add the `[workspace]` table to a `Cargo.toml`:

> 

Reviewer 2: This is not necessary. If you'd like to format the content, please do it in a separate commit.

the *root package* of the workspace. The *workspace root* is the directory
where the workspace's `Cargo.toml` is located.

> Example:

Reviewer 2: I don't see this too relevant. Could we delete it?

authors = ["Alice <a@example.com>", "Bob <b@example.com>"]
```

> In the [worksapce section](#the-workspace-section), you can specify the members of 
> the workspace by [workspace.members filed](#the-members-and-exclude-fields). 
> 
> If no other members are specified in [workspace.members filed](#the-members-and-exclude-fields) 
> in `Cargo.toml` in the workspace root directory, the root package will 
> become the default workspace member. In addition, you can also specify the default 
> workspace members through [workspace.default-members](#the-default-members-field).

Reviewer 2: Most of this addition seems a bit redundant, since some points are already covered in other parts of this doc. Perhaps we could do something like:

```suggestion
Unless explicitly set through [`workspace.default-members`](#the-default-members-field),
the root package is considered as the only default member of the workspace.
```

authors = ["Alice <a@example.com>", "Bob <b@example.com>"]
```

If no other members are specified in [workspace.members filed](#the-members-and-exclude-fields) 
in `Cargo.toml` in the workspace root directory, the root package will 

> become the default workspace member.

Reviewer: For me, this feels a bit out of place with the section it is in.  Nothing else is talking about members or default members.  We also have a section down below for both members and default members which this pertains to.

Author: Since the main purpose here is to describe the possible default behavior of the root package, it might be more appropriate to put it here. 
You make a reasonable point, so I've added the description of the member in question earlier.

authors = ["Alice <a@example.com>", "Bob <b@example.com>"]
```

> In a virtual workspace, at least one member needed be included and if 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unless explicitly set through [`workspace.default-members`](#the-default-members-field),
every member of a virtual workspace is considered as a default member.
```
